Throughout most of my life, I have always worked with computers. In high school, I taught myself how to repair and construct new computers through various videos and forums online. One day, one of my instructors informed us that we had a project that required us to look into career fields based on our interests. I did mine on IT repair because it was something that I was very well versed in. What I didn't expect was the multitude of people in my class who had done something of a similar fashion. Through the presentations, I began to take notice of the multitude of different careers that require a computer science degree and each one was something that I had some knowledge upon. From Web Security to Network Management to Coding. I was astonished at how many options I had and how many paths I would open up for myself if I pursued this degree. 
	I’ve always been interested in computers since I was a kid. Throughout high school, I would always look around for the newest releases of computer parts and such. The more I got into computers, the more I realized that there was much more to them than just fancy shiny hardware. There are multiple languages of code to learn and even more methods to which you can create a program. Upon this discovery, my interests grew and I took it upon myself to pursue all of this knowledge. Even today, I’ve seen and practiced binary code and have dabbled with adobe. It isn't because of the career field and good payout that the field offers that makes me want to dive into computer science. It’s the interest in computers and programming that drives me to learn more. That being said, the career I intend on going into is IT repair or software development. 		My ultimate goal when I get my computer science degree is to use the teachings and knowledge gained from the course I underwent to get into IT and to apply those teachings to help people either within a company or around the world with their computer troubles. I’d also use what I’ve been taught to further my own personal computer and execute new ideas for programs I’ve thought up of. I already have experience repairing friends and coworkers' computers. I even have experience troubleshooting networks and fixing problems I’ve uncovered. But I know there is so much more I can do if I'm given the opportunity to learn everything there is to learn. I also know there is a huge demand for people like me since the computer science field is expanding everyday. 
	The weaknesses of going into the field of computer science are varied and wide. One such weakness is that there can be a massive workload to meet deadlines. Oftentimes app developers have to work insane overtime to meet app deadlines and same goes for web developers and whenever a script is written, you have to enter a phase where you check it for bugs, which can take anywhere from a day to weeks depending on the size of the script in mention. Another such weakness of the field is that there is a lot of information and techniques you have to learn in order to be successful in the field. There are multiple languages of code and even more ways to program utilizing these codes. Some new ones are even being developed as we speak. With the introduction of new information, another weakness that might appear is the constant evolving of the field itself. Computer science is relatively new and still finding new applications today. There is no telling what new possibilities can appear tomorrow and how it would even be approached. 			
With the weaknesses stated, comes many strengths I’ve come to see in the field of computer science. One such strength is that 	The pay is usually above living standards no matter what subdivision you go into. The lowest amount of income yearly I’ve seen is from a web developer that was making $58,000 a year. That reduced down to pay per hour is around $27/hour. Another strength in the field is that there is always more opportunities to be had when looking for work. The field itself is always expanding and new jobs always come up. This makes looking for a spot to start your career not as difficult as it would be in other career fields. The flexibility that comes with learning computer science can be useful also. If you ever felt like web design wasn't for you, you could always go into web security or become a network engineer instead.
	In conclusion, I’ve always had a long history with computers and the more I learned that I could make them a part of my life, the more I wanted to invest myself into a career with computers. The more I dove into this new world of opportunity to make my interest more of a career, The more I began to realize how vast of a world it was. Even better, I could see the metaphorical horizons in the fields expanding. Giving me more and more options to diversify my career path if I ever decided that what I was doing wasn’t what I wanted to do anymore or there was something better for me within the computer science field. I truly believe this is something I could really thrive in and through doing this essay. I feel like my interest in the career path I’ve chosen has only increased more through partaking in this.
